changelog: update from v0.18.1 release (#3203)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.18.1

### Bug Fixes

- fix leader election of follower showing that an old leader will be evicted when the current leader is healthy. ([#3164](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/3164))

> - bump api validation library to 431198de9fc2cf82f369efb5c4a90a9cc079a1c3 to fix "CRD key not found" validation bug. ([#3167](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/3167))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  fix the error "CRD key not found" faced when the command `bundle validation` is used via upgrading the module api validation used. ([#3167](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/3167))
```
